Document Storage Queue Binding and SignalR AAD Support (#2652)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/signalr.md

| Field              | Required | Binding support |  Details | Example |
|--------------------|:--------:|------------|-----|---------|
| connectionString | Y | Output | The Azure SignalR connection string | `"Endpoint=https://<your-azure-signalr>.service.signalr.net;AccessKey=<your-access-key>;Version=1.0;"`. If the connection string does not contain the `AccessKey` option, Azure Active Directory authentication will be attempted. |
| hub | N | Output | Defines the hub in which the message will be send. The hub can be dynamically defined as a metadata value when publishing to an output binding (key is "hub") | `"myhub"` |

### Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) authentication

> The Azure SignalR binding component supports authentication using all Azure Active Directory mechanisms. See the [docs for authenticating to Azure]({{< ref authenticating-azure.md >}}) to learn more about the relevant component metadata fields based on your choice of Azure AD authentication mechanism.

Author: ```suggestion
The Azure SignalR binding component supports authentication using all Azure Active Directory mechanisms. See the [docs for authenticating to Azure]({{< ref authenticating-azure.md >}}) to learn more about the relevant component metadata fields based on your choice of Azure AD authentication mechanism.

```

| Field              | Required | Binding support |  Details | Example |
|--------------------|:--------:|------------|-----|---------|
| connectionString | Y | Output | The Azure SignalR connection string | `"Endpoint=https://<your-azure-signalr>.service.signalr.net;AccessKey=<your-access-key>;Version=1.0;"`. If the connection string does not contain the `AccessKey` option, Azure Active Directory authentication will be attempted. |
| hub | N | Output | Defines the hub in which the message will be send. The hub can be dynamically defined as a metadata value when publishing to an output binding (key is "hub") | `"myhub"` |

### Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) authentication

The Azure SignalR binding component supports authentication using all Azure Active Directory mechanisms. See the [docs for authenticating to Azure]({{< ref authenticating-azure.md >}}) to learn more about the relevant component metadata fields based on your choice of Azure AD authentication mechanism.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

| Field              | Required | Binding support |  Details | Example |
|--------------------|:--------:|------------|-----|---------|
| connectionString | Y | Output | The Azure SignalR connection string | `"Endpoint=https://<your-azure-signalr>.service.signalr.net;AccessKey=<your-access-key>;Version=1.0;"`. If the connection string does not contain the `AccessKey` option, Azure Active Directory authentication will be attempted. |
| hub | N | Output | Defines the hub in which the message will be send. The hub can be dynamically defined as a metadata value when publishing to an output binding (key is "hub") | `"myhub"` |

### Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) authentication

> The Azure Cosmos DB state store component supports authentication using all Azure Active Directory mechanisms. See the [docs for authenticating to Azure]({{< ref authenticating-azure.md >}}) to learn more about the relevant component metadata fields based on your choice of Azure AD authentication mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Azure SignalR binding component supports authentication using all Azure Active Directory mechanisms. See the [docs for authenticating to Azure]({{< ref authenticating-azure.md >}}) to learn more about the relevant component metadata fields based on your choice of Azure AD authentication mechanism.
```

> Read more about [setting up Cosmos DB with Azure AD authentication](#setting-up-cosmos-db-for-authenticating-with-azure-ad).

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Read more about [setting up Cosmos DB with Azure AD authentication](#setting-up-cosmos-db-for-authenticating-with-azure-ad).

Reviewer: Not sure this link goes anywhere?

Author: Should not have copied this.

| Field              | Required | Binding support |  Details | Example |
|--------------------|:--------:|------------|-----|---------|

> | connectionString | Y | Output | The Azure SignalR connection string | `"Endpoint=https://<your-azure-signalr>.service.signalr.net;AccessKey=<your-access-key>;Version=1.0;"`. If the connection string does not contain the `AccessKey` option Azure Active Directory authentication will be attempted. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| connectionString | Y | Output | The Azure SignalR connection string | `"Endpoint=https://<your-azure-signalr>.service.signalr.net;AccessKey=<your-access-key>;Version=1.0;"`. If the connection string does not contain the `AccessKey` option, Azure Active Directory authentication will be attempted. |
```

| hub | N | Output | Defines the hub in which the message will be send. The hub can be dynamically defined as a metadata value when publishing to an output binding (key is "hub") | `"myhub"` |

### Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) authentication

> The Azure Cosmos DB state store component supports authentication using all Azure Active Directory mechanisms. For further information and the relevant component metadata fields to provide depending on the choice of Azure AD authentication mechanism, see the [docs for authenticating to Azure]({{< ref authenticating-azure.md >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Azure Cosmos DB state store component supports authentication using all Azure Active Directory mechanisms. See the [docs for authenticating to Azure]({{< ref authenticating-azure.md >}}) to learn more about the relevant component metadata fields based on your choice of Azure AD authentication mechanism.
```

> You can read additional information for setting up Cosmos DB with Azure AD authentication in the [section below](#setting-up-cosmos-db-for-authenticating-with-azure-ad).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more about [setting up Cosmos DB with Azure AD authentication](#setting-up-cosmos-db-for-authenticating-with-azure-ad).
```
